# Software-Development-Lifecycle

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I can interpret user needs and implement them into a program by analyzing the system that interprets the user's needs. For instance, it is best to ask for feedback from old users or previous users and document the changes into the code. Identification of the system's inputs and outputs is essential in order understand the users needs and how to implement them within a program. It's possible to express user needs through the use of user stories, and it is very common in Agile software development as it is often used in this methodology. A user story can help you understand how the end user sees things. As a result, you can understand what the user wants and then create a simple requirement description for it.

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Various project management strategies can be used to develop programs . Among these is the Waterfall methodology and Agile methodology. Using these methodologies, specific strategies can be selected depending on the needs. Some alternatives include iterative, prototyping, agile, and incremental approaches. It is important to incorporate Crystal, Scrum, Extreme Programming, etc. as the most popular agile processes. In terms of testing, planning, and integration, these approaches and processes are exceptional. In addition, to approach developing programs, one must figure out who the stakeholders are. The agile processes I hope to incorporate into my future development work would be scrum, extreme programming, and Kanban as I have found these to be very interesting and also very helpful in development work.


# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
During the coding and design process, a good team member adheres to the team standards and project styles. Team progress should be always maintained. Project development should take into consideration all aspects. Additionally, it is important to act in a friendly way and accept responsibility for one's actions. In addition, To be a good team member in software development is a person who works great as a team and not being too independent or too dependent as well . A team player is a responsible person and that would make a great team member in software development .
